In order to comply with Jamil's IRB use this form.


DESCRIPTION:  You are invited to participate in a research study on social decision-making.  You will be asked to complete a set of questions that will assess how you tend to make decisions in certain situations.  The research aims to expand our understanding of particular psychological processes that are involved in common social situations and associated behavior.  By completing the following survey, you are helping us advance this understanding.  You will be asked to read instructions and respond to the following questions.  You may be shown images or asked to imagine situations involve other people and then answer a series of questions. The Department of Defense (DoD) is providing support with this project.

TIME INVOLVEMENT:  Your participation will take approximately 30 minutes.

RISKS AND BENEFITS:  The risks associated with this study are minimal.  There is a chance that you may find some photos or questions unpleasant, but these are common stimuli psychologists use and we do not foresee any lasting discomfort.  The benefits which may reasonably be expected to result from this study are a greater understanding of social decision making.  We cannot and do not guarantee or promise that you will receive any benefits from this study.  Your decision whether or not to participate in this study will not affect your employment, medical care or grades in school.

PAYMENTS:  You will receive approximately $1/half-hour as payment for your participation. 

SUBJECT'S RIGHTS:  If you have read this form and have decided to participate in this project, please understand your participation is voluntary and you have the right to withdraw your consent or discontinue participation at any time without penalty or loss of benefits to which you are otherwise entitled.  The alternative is not to participate.  You have the right to refuse to answer particular questions.  Your individual privacy will be maintained in all published and written data resulting from the study. Federal or DoD representatives may review research records for the purpose of protecting human subjects.

CONTACT INFORMATION: 
Questions:  If you have any questions, concerns or complaints about this research, its procedures, risks and benefits, contact the Protocol Director, Jamil Zaki at snlstanford@gmail.com  

Independent Contact:  If you are not satisfied with how this study is being conducted, or if you have any concerns, complaints, or general questions about the research or your rights as a participant, please contact the Stanford Institutional Review Board (IRB) to speak to someone independent of the research team at (650)-723-2480 or toll free at 1-866-680-2906.  You can also write to the Stanford IRB, Stanford University, Stanford, CA 94305-5401.

Approval Date : Oct 25, 2013                       Expiration Date: Oct 25, 2014 

Please print a copy of this page for your records.

If you agree to participate in this research, please press the button below to continue.

